Updating Production guidance text for C8Run (#7113)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.8/self-managed/quickstart/developer-quickstart/c8run.md

id: c8run
title: "Developer quickstart – Camunda 8 Run"
sidebar_label: "Camunda 8 Run"

> description: "This quickstart guide application developers through deploying Camunda 8 Self-Managed to a local Orchestration cluster using Camunda 8 Run."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "A quickstart guide for developers to deploy and run Camunda 8 Self-Managed locally with Camunda 8 Run, including setup, configuration, and key components."
```
